For data science incubator:
Airports data available from https://openflights.org/data.html
Use vowels and consonants in airport names to train longitude attitude ranges associated with countries
I will look up algorithms for this
There are 40 to 50 possible characters and 12057 samples in the training data
This should be sufficient
Pick a large country and produce a distribution of its characters
Pick another large country and produce a distribution of its characters
Extended set can be used for testing the trained neural network
Downloaded two dat files
Either train country boundaries or get them from wikipedia or google maps or something
Actually, produces a longitude and latitude prediction as output
Can write sentences and get longitudes and attitudes once data is trained
Use k means clustering algorithm— how do you set up the boundaries between clusters?
Distances will be 1d actual distances using a spherical earth instead of latitude and longitude???
I don’t think kmeans are quite right because they don’t handle a mix of discrete and continuous data gracefully
Looking at other clustering algorithms

I am going to begin by making three plots. The first two will be bar plots of the distribution of alphabet characters for airports in different countries, when countries are identified.

The second will be using linear regression, as implemented in python hopefully, to produce some quantitative information about the correlation between each letter and lattitude and longitude. 

The third will be to use linear regression to compare quantitative information about correlation between letters and distance to country capitals or largest cities. I recognize there is a flaw here because some languages span multiple countries and some countries have multiple languages, but for the purposes of "Pokemon Go, the geocaching language game", this should be good enough.




As of January 2017, the OpenFlights Airports Database contains over 10,000 airports, train stations and ferry terminals spanning the globe, as shown in the map above. Each entry contains the following information:



Airport ID    Unique OpenFlights identifier for this airport.
Name	Name of airport. May or may not contain the City name.
City	Main city served by airport. May be spelled differently from Name.
Country	Country or territory where airport is located. See countries.dat to cross-reference to ISO 3166-1 codes.
IATA	3-letter IATA code. Null if not assigned/unknown.
ICAO	4-letter ICAO code.
Null if not assigned.
Latitude    Decimal degrees, usually to six significant digits. Negative is South, positive is North.
Longitude   Decimal degrees, usually to six significant digits. Negative is West, positive is East.
Altitude    In feet.
Timezone    Hours offset from UTC. Fractional hours are expressed as decimals, eg. India is 5.5.
DST	    Daylight savings time. One of E (Europe), A (US/Canada), S (South America), O (Australia), Z (New Zealand), N (None) or U (Unknown). See also: Help: Time
Tz database time zone	     Timezone in "tz" (Olson) format, eg. "America/Los_Angeles".
Type	    Type of the airport. Value "airport" for air terminals, "station" for train stations, "port" for ferry terminals and "unknown" if not known. In airports.csv, only type=airport is included.
Source	    Source of this data. "OurAirports" for data sourced from OurAirports, "Legacy" for old data not matched to OurAirports (mostly DAFIF), "User" for unverified user contributions. In airports.csv, only source=OurAirports is included.
The data is UTF-8 (Unicode) encoded.
Note: Rules for daylight savings time change from year to year and from country to country. The current data is an approximation for 2009, built on a country level. Most airports in DST-less regions in countries that generally observe DST (eg. AL, HI in the USA, NT, QL in Australia, parts of Canada) are marked incorrectly.
Sample entries
507,"London Heathrow Airport","London","United Kingdom","LHR","EGLL",51.4706,-0.461941,83,0,"E","Europe/London","airport","OurAirports"
26,"Kugaaruk Airport","Pelly Bay","Canada","YBB","CYBB",68.534401,-89.808098,56,-7,"A","America/Edmonton","airport","OurAirports"
3127,"Pokhara Airport","Pokhara","Nepal","PKR","VNPK",28.200899124145508,83.98210144042969,2712,5.75,"N","Asia/Katmandu","airport","OurAirports"
8810,"Hamburg Hbf","Hamburg","Germany","ZMB",\N,53.552776,10.006683,30,1,"E","Europe/Berlin","station","User"